c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\JailManagement.exe.config
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\JailManagement.exe
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\JailManagement.pdb
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Form1.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.exe
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.pdb
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Complain.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.DctorView.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.JailerView.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.NewComplain.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.PoliceView.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.PostMortemInformation.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.ViewPostMortem.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Wanted.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.WantedView.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.UserInformation.resources
c:\users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Admin.resources
C:\Users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\anowe\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.CriminalInformation_Id.resources
C:\Users\anowe\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\Employee.mdf
C:\Users\anowe\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\Employee_log.ldf
C:\Users\anowe\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.DeleteAccount.resources
C:\Users\anowe\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Update_Complain.resources
C:\Users\anowe\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.UpdateCriminal.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\JailManagement.exe.config
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.exe
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.pdb
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\Employee.mdf
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\Employee_log.ldf
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\JailManagement.exe
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\JailManagement.pdb
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Complain.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.CriminalInformation_Id.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.DctorView.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.DeleteAccount.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Form1.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.JailerView.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.NewComplain.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Update_Complain.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.UserInformation.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.PoliceView.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.PostMortemInformation.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Admin.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.UpdateCriminal.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.ViewPostMortem.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Wanted.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.WantedView.resources
F:\Anower\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\JailManagement.exe.config
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.exe
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.pdb
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\Employee.mdf
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\Employee_log.ldf
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\JailManagement.exe
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\bin\Debug\JailManagement.pdb
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Complain.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.CriminalInformation_Id.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.DctorView.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.DeleteAccount.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Form1.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.JailerView.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.NewComplain.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Update_Complain.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.UserInformation.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.PoliceView.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.PostMortemInformation.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Admin.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.UpdateCriminal.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.ViewPostMortem.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.Wanted.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.WantedView.resources
D:\JailManagement\JailManagement\obj\Debug\JailManagement.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
